chatterbox a chat application built in
typescript using ipfs and live p2p
pub/sub I built this when I was on
parental leave because can't stop anyway
there are some I had some goals with
this one of which was learn typescript
because I want to understand why people
keep asking us for this feature first us
but also I had this really good well I
think I had an idea too that we might be
able to use typescript to generate our
Doc's from we could actually have better
Doc's by having typescript type
definitions in the repo and at the same
time as having better Doc's also service
this whole community of typescript
people so I thought that might be a good
idea so that's why what like wanted to
do this second up I wanted to deploy
Jace ipfs in production I sort of
strongly feel that we should be like
dogfooding our own stuff and using it I
wanted to expose like errors or cpu
problems or memory problems that might
happen in a Jace IVFs node that's
running for a long time because all our
tests they spin up nodes they last 4
seconds and then they spin them down we
test that they work we're good but they
don't what they don't test is that the
node can spin up stay up for days or
months or weeks on end and not not
explode so I wanted to I wanted to feel
that pain because I sort of feel that we
should be feeling that pain I think that
people who do feel that pain don't
always open an issue on our repos they
they put things down and then they walk
away they're like that is enough for me
so yeah you know and it can be like
problems with like bugs but it could be
like developer experience or like user
experience things like I couldn't use it
properly and I want to know I want to
feel that because I want to make it
better and I strongly feel that we
should be doing that so and the third
thing was like I had this big idea that
we should like jeaious ipfs should be
able to be its own preload nodes like
we've got preload nodes but there go
ipfs nodes why are they go IVFs nodes I
think that if we expect people to
JSI BFS in production we should also be
running JSI VFS in production like it
doesn't make sense that we're not so the
idea of like chatterbox and this chats
application I was creating was that I'd
actually store people's avatars in in
ipfs and then we'd have a preload node
running for those avatars and that would
be like a stepping stone to it being the
actual preload nodes that are used in
productions so and they're my goals
essentially or they were my goals cool
so many repos I made there's a core of
Chatterbox which is just the which is
just the bit where everything happens
you give it an IP FS instance it
subscribes to pub sub channels and stuff
like that there is a web extension like
I built this so that you could you could
have like many different clients in many
different places like you I've built a
web extension version of it but you
could have it in electron you could have
it in you know as a web page or whatever
doesn't matter you just include the
decor and you should be able to use it
as a relay in pops up turns a relay is
like just another node that is listening
to the same topics as you are which is
kind of fun
and there's a bot I built a robot but
for my own kind of testing and sanity
because I wanted to I wanted other
friends on the network that I knew were
actually talking to me so I built a
robot who's running in the cloud summer
just says random stuff every so often
and then obviously there are some
answerable scripts I had to write
because I was deploying it to actual
servers on digital ocean and I was going
to say Dropbox but anyway okay so demo
this this has all been running like the
whole time web extension you remember I
said it's a web extension this is it so
it's been running and in here you can
see like this column here is meant to be
the list of we don't have avatars yet
okay so we just got these randomly drawn
once this is meant to be the list of all
appears on the network that you can that
you can currently see and the this
little I changed the the diagram thing
so it's a heart because these are your
friends
so we've got we've got the so we've got
two two of them here we've got me me on
Chrome and me over here and you can do
stuff like you can you can say things
like I think I think over here I've
already added this
yeah I've added the chrome one as a
friend already and you can just sort of
hit the the friend thing and then they
become will don't become friends you can
add add people by pure ID so I've got my
robot somewhere over here here is so I
can just sort of copy that peer ID and I
can add him as a friend by peer ID in
case you don't just see him on the
network he's not already there and so
then then robots there okay the right
and you just need to send a message like
like because this chrome one is my
friend so I could say hi look at this
awesome Doc's site let's make it not
Beata cool and then I should see over
here that I've got a message I don't
know there's meant to be like a
notification but actually ah this is
automatically to turn them I do not
disturb so normally I would get a
message for that notification for that
but but there they are
huh huh let me just quickly do that one
more time yeah and you get my
notifications okay
[Applause]